plumbers law number 704 our loving group
had arrived in Victoria and and in the
night mario it could pulverize a pasta
factory and still have room for dessert
holy ravioli someone's in trouble this
way mysterious meat sauce he must have
been kidnapped kidnapped there but I
hope that I'm gonna find out though my
name is Sherlock Mario that lasagna
lovin luck it'll never find us daddy
and let's a lot songs by prisoner I can
now commit the criminal caper of the
century you'll never get away with it
professor coupon eceive Oh No and who's
gonna stop me I'm afraid you are all
tied up at the moment that's a good one
boss
so mr. smarty pants detective I'll bet
you can't guess what my next caper will
be elementary my dear prepare attempt
you're going to break into the Tower of
Victoria and steal a new weapon the
retro Rooter all right which one of you
boneheads blabbermouth smelled of a
couplet open the big mouth you're the
one you Limburger eaten liar comparative
that's just the kind of crime drop it
Koopa won't commit
you dimwit thunderheads
we've got a Cooper tape for the command
bunker Street hmm when we thank you for
elementary my dear fungus clue needling
we Mario thinks that hat makes him a
detective it's a dictator machine garlic
the coop was here in Victoria let's
catch that crummy Koopa and cool his
cockamamie crime these disguises for a
great idea boss of course there was a
great idea I thought of it midnight only
attracting Cooper can figure out a way
into the Tower of Victoria
magic potions do yes with this new
weapon I'm gonna clock every train in
Victorian City with
kilometers counsel have been disarmed
time to clear these linguini licking
losses
we're trapped like hair balls in a
drainpipe this time I'm sending you
built brains to that great waterworks in
desc